so complete my training for OD on the way it's going to vary because you
have to be on your way and it depends where you hit the ship and
its shore and see cycle patient. So if you report to a ship in the shipyard,
that's a while. You report to the ship while she's on deployment.
That's great. Personally, I met my ship on the deployment. I
was able to qualify for Yau in 81 days. And then there was just not
enough time to go topside and qualified. So then we went to the shore
rotation and we were in port for a year before we deployed again.
And then I qualified for my also south. I'm assuming this is also that
underway. Also, that underway requires a year A good, solid year
off underway time doing all the evolutions. Okay, that means, you know,
anchoring. That means unwraps, refuelings, etcetera, etcetera, More
bored, etcetera. Personal transfers so could take a year. Qualifies
also that import two weeks, two weeks